add draft related docs (#198)
bufbuild/docs.buf.build: docs/tour/add-a-dependency.md

## 9.3 Pin Your Dependencies {#pin-your-dependencies}

> You can pin to a specific tag, commit, or draft by specifying it in your `deps` after the `:` delimiter. For example,

Reviewer: Similar to first comment, is this true? This seems to conflict with "Push a module" section..

> ... and the module does not have any dependency that is pinned to a draft commit

---
b2917eb692064beb92ad1e38dba6c25e
```

> > If the dependencies is pinned to a draft commit, pushing the module will not be allowed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If one or more dependencies are pinned to a draft commit, pushing the module will not be allowed.
```
